it came to pass after these things that
the butler and the Baker of the king of
Egypt offended their Lord the king of
Egypt and Pharaoh was angry with his two
officers the chief Butler and the chief
Baker so he put them in custody in the
house of the captain of the guard in the
prison the place where Joseph was
confined and the captain of the guard
charged Joseph with them and he served
them so they were in custody for a while
then the butler and the Baker of the
king of Egypt who were confined in the
prison had a dream both of them each
man's dream in one night and each man's
dream with its own interpretation and
Joseph came into them in the morning and
looked at them and saw that they were
sad so he asked Pharaoh's officers who
were with him in the custody of his
Lords house why do you look so sad today
we each have had a dream and there is no
interpreter of it do not interpretations
belong to God tell them to me please and
the chief Butler told his dream to
Joseph behold in my dream a vine was
before me and in the vine with three
branches it was as though it butted its
blossoms shot forth and it's clusters
brought forth ripe grapes then Pharaoh's
Cup was in my hand and I took the grapes
and pressed them into Pharaoh's Cup
and place the cup in pharaoh's hand this
is the interpretation on it the three
branches are three days now within three
days Pharaoh will lift up your head and
restore you to your place and you will
put Pharaoh's cup in his hand according
to the former manner when you were his
Butler but remember me when it is well
with you and please show kindness to me
make mention of me to Pharaoh and get me
out of this house for indeed I was
stolen away from the land of the Hebrews
and also I have done nothing here that
they should put me into the dungeon when
the chief Baker saw that the
interpretation was good he said to
Joseph I also was in my dream and there
were three white baskets on my head
in the uppermost basket were all kinds
of baked goods for Pharaoh and the birds
ate them out of the basket on my head
[Music]
this is the interpretation of it the
three baskets are three days within
three days Pharaoh will lift off your
head from you and hang you on a tree and
the birds without your flesh from you
now it came to pass on the third day
which was Pharaohs birthday but he made
a feast for all his servants and he
lifted up the head of the chief Butler
and on the chief Baker among his
servants when he restored the chief
Butler to his butter ship again and he
placed the cup in Pharaoh's hand but he
hanged the chief Baker as Joseph had
interpreted to them yet the chief Butler
did not remember Joseph but forgot him
[Music]
you